If there is one thing that I've learned
over the last 20 years of scaling
multiple companies, it's this.
Everything is downstream from lead
generation. If you can generate leads,
you can solve all the other problems
after that. But if you cannot generate
leads, you are dead in the water. And
today, I want to share with you my
multi-million dollar lead generation
system that has worked on agencies,
software companies, education and
training, coaching, consulting, and a
range of other businesses that I've been
involved with. Every single time I take
on board a new business project, I start
by setting up one of these online
assessments that just generates leads.
And off the back of the consistent
results that these get, we can scale up
from there. And it's going to totally
transform the number and the quality of
clients that come through your
business's front door. So, let's get
started on how to set up an online
assessment that creates leads like
nobody's business.
Step one for creating an online
assessment is to create a landing page
that really explains to people what the
online assessment is going to do for
them. Why would they take an online
assessment? The first part of the
landing page is the top of the landing
page. This is the first thing people see
when they're scrolling through their
phone. Now, they arrive at this landing
page and it has either one of two hooks.
Hook number one is called a frustration
hook. A frustration hook names the
frustration that people are
experiencing. So, it could be feeling
frustrated that you're not getting the
fitness results that you want even
though you work out every week. Feeling
frustrated that you're not getting
investment returns even though you
invest consistently every month. Feeling
frustrated that you have not been able
to scale up your marketing even though
you're willing to invest in ads. Right?
So, anything that is the frustration,
feeling frustrated that blank happens
even though you're doing this very
powerful frustration hook. The second
one is a results hook. And the way I
like to do a results hook is a readiness
sentence. Are you ready to run your
first marathon? Are you ready to have
the relationship of your dreams? Are you
ready to protect your business from a
cyber security threat? Right? So,
anything that you can help people get as
a result, if you ask people, are they
ready for that result? They're going to
say, "Oh, I'm not sure if I'm ready. I
want to take this assessment to find
out." Now, the subheading of the hook
says, "Answer 15 questions to find out
why you're experiencing this frustration
and what to do about it." So the
subheading directs people to take the
assessment, answer 15 questions so they
can find out if they're ready or if they
can deal with this frustration. So the
next part of the landing page is called
the value proposition. The way to do a
value proposition is to tell people to
take this assessment so that we can
measure and improve three key areas. So
let's say you're doing a sleep
assessment. Are you ready to get 7 hours
or more of really high quality deep
sleep? You would then have the value
proposition. Answer these 15 questions
so that we can measure and improve your
sleep environment, your sleep routine,
and your sleep nutrition or whatever it
is. So, you're going to give people a
value proposition. You're going to say,
"We're going to measure and improve
three key things, and you're going to
list those three things, and those are
going to be three things that people
would love to achieve along the way to a
better result." So, that's the value
proposition. When people hear a powerful
hook and a good value proposition, they
immediately want to know whether it's
credible. It sounds almost too good to
be true. So they want to know who are
you? What's your background? What
research have you done? So under the
credibility section, we need to say who
created this which is you and your bio.
What have you done in the past? So
what's your background and the research
that you've done? So you might be able
to quote some statistics, some figures.
You might be able to say 85% of people
struggle with X, Y, and Zed. You might
be able to say a recent Harvard
University study found that 15% of
people are achieving X, Y, and Zed. This
number could be dramatically improved,
right? So, who are you? What have you
done in the past? What research have you
done in order to create this assessment?
Then the final thing is called a call to
action, a CTA. And a call to action,
what we want to do here is a really
powerful call to action. And we want to
cover a few key things here. We want to
say start the quiz cuz that's the next
step. It only takes 3 minutes to
complete. It's completely free. and you
get immediate recommendations on how you
can improve. That combination is very
powerful as a call to action. Now, if
you get this right, you will have 20 to
40%
of people who hit that landing page
going ahead and starting the quiz. And
that is going to be a massive lead
generator for you. So, part two of this
online assessment lead generation
strategy is the quiz questions. This is
where we're going to find out a lot of
information about every single person
who's signaling interest for you. Now,
this questionnaire is actually going to
have three parts to it. Part one is
where you're going to ask them their
name, their email address automatically.
We're going to get their location
because of their IP address. And you're
going to give them the opportunity to
enter their phone number, but you're not
going to make it mandatory to do that.
So, the two things they have to enter in
order to start the quiz is their name
and their email address. The location
will be picked up by the system, and the
phone number will be optional. So, the
contact information is the first things
that we want to capture. Then we want to
go into the first 10 questions. Now
these 10 questions, we're going to call
these the best practices questions. So
the best practices questions is we're
going to ask people if they're doing 10
things that they should be doing. So if
this scorecard was about uh sleep, we
might ask them if they get to bed on
time at the same time, if they're using
too many screens before bed. If this
assessment was about health and fitness
and losing weight, do they track their
calories? Do they work out three or four
times a week? Whatever you consider to
be the best practices, you're going to
ask them 10 questions that allude to how
many of these best practices they've
been able to say yes to or no to. And
that's what's going to give them their
score, which we'll get to soon. So,
you've got to come up with 10 best
practices that you think people should
be doing if they're doing all the right
things, and that's going to inform the
score. But now, we're going to add five
more questions that are going to be
really powerful questions for you to be
able to make more sales. So, here's the
big five questions that I want you to
ask that allow you to qualify your leads
and make more sales. Question number one
is which best describes your current
situation. So, you might give people uh
four or five options to choose from. I'm
a student. Uh I'm in my first 5 years of
my career. Uh I'm a manager. I'm a
senior leader. I'm an executive. Or uh
I've never run a marathon before. Uh
I've run one to three marathons. I'm a
seasoned marathon runner. Whatever is
their current situation, you want to
know how they describe it. The next
question is which describes your desired
outcome that you would like to achieve
in the next 90 days. And then you give
them a list of things that they want to
achieve in the next 90 days. And ask
them which is the most important desired
outcome for you to achieve in the next
90 days. That gives them the opportunity
to tell you what is the number one thing
that's driving their decisions. They
might say, "I want to lose weight or I
want to achieve my first 7 hours worth
of deep sleep." Right? whatever it is,
they're going to say that's the outcome
that I want in the next 90 days.
Question number three is, what is the
obstacle that you think is stopping you?
Or what have you tried that hasn't
worked in the past? And you'll give them
a list of three or four things to choose
from so they can select what they think
is the biggest obstacle to their
success. The fourth question is, which
solution do you think would suit you
best?
And you could say, I want uh education
and training. I want one-to-one
coaching. Uh I want software. Uh, I want
someone to do it all for me. Right? So,
you can give them some potential
solutions. Now, the benefit of this
question is that it implies what they're
willing to spend. Someone who only wants
a book is probably going to spend $10 or
$20. Someone who says, "I want it all
done for me," they're probably thinking
$10,000 to $20,000. So, the solution
that people have in mind will tell you a
little bit about their budget that they
have in mind. And the fifth question is,
"Is there anything else that you think
we need to know about?" Now, this is an
openbox question and it allows them to
type anything into the box that they
want. And the craziest thing is that a
lot of times people will tell you what's
driving their decision or they'll tell
you useful information that helps you to
make a sale. I've had people put into
that box, uh, I've already read your
book and I want to get started or I have
a budget but I have to spend it by the
end of the month. Right? Incredible
stuff that people will put into that box
that is incredibly helpful. If they've
answered all of those 14 other
questions, they're going to give you
some really good relevant information if
they fill in that question as well. So
those are the 15 questions that we want
people to answer. And when they do that,
we can give them what we call their
dynamic results.
So the reason we call it dynamic results
is because this entire results page can
completely change depending on how they
answered the questions. So for example,
we could have a little speedometer here
that tells people how they performed.
You got a 75% out of 100%. We could have
a thermometer that tells people that
they're cold, warm, or hot. Right? So we
could put anything we want here as a
result. And we can tell people,
"Congratulations, you scored really
well." We could say, "Oh, no. You've got
a lot of room to improve." We could say,
"Well done. You've got strong
foundations, but plenty of room to
improve." We can change the content that
goes here depending on how people
answered the questions. So, here's what
we want to have. Number one, we want to
have the big reveal. So, the big reveal
is the overall result. This is how you
did in general. Then, we want to have
three insights. So as a result of how
you answered the question, what are
three things that I want you to know?
Then finally, we want to have some next
steps. Uh and those next steps would be
completely different depending upon how
people answered the questions. If
someone's answered the questions in a
way that's highly qualified, you might
want to offer them a one-to-one meeting.
If someone is somewhere in the middle,
you might want to offer them a group
presentation, a group event. Maybe if
someone has answered the question so
that you know that they are absolutely
wrong for your business, you may just
want to give them some content. So you
might send them to a video episode or a
podcast episode or you might recommend a
book. But this can change depending on
how people answer the questions. And
then finally down the bottom you want to
have all your contact information, maybe
your social media links and all of that
sort of stuff so that if people want to
bounce around off that page, they can
leave that open but they can also open
up other pages. So you definitely want
to have your website there as well. So
this basically is a end to-end system
where they discover that there is an
assessment. They then answer 15
questions and then they get their
dynamic results with specialized next
steps based on how they answered those
questions. This is incredibly powerful
because you can see the quality of the
leads that come in. When this captures
all of the leads, you actually get to
see how people answered all the
questions. You can see how they scored.
You can see where they are. You can see
whether they've put real contact
information in. You can see the
recommended next step. It's all laid out
in the dashboard for you. It's
incredible. Now, this entire system
might seem like it's an incredibly
difficult and complex system to set up,
but it's all completely automated for
you at scoreapp.com. I'm the co-founder
of that software company, and I've put
all of my best thinking into one place.
We've got 150 templates that are based
on this strategy. We've got a
downloadable book called Scorecard
Marketing. We've got online courses that
explain exactly how to do it. And we've
got an amazing customer success team
that will just get on a call with you
and help you to set this up. It could
not possibly be easier. In fact, most
people get set up in about 10, 20, 30
minutes and then they're ready to go.
Either way, the juice is worth the
squeeze because this thing produces so
many high-quality leads. So, there'll be
a link in the description below so you
can get set up on scoreapp.com as well.
So, the one question that everyone asks
me once they see this system is, "How do
I send people to this landing page? How
do I get more clicks? How do I get more
conversions? How do I send paid traffic?
How do I send organic traffic to this
landing page?" So, let me tell you, I've
just created a video before this one
that answers that exact question. I'm
going to link to that video in the
description below, and that video talks
exactly step by step how to start small
and then scale big for getting attention
into landing page traffic. So, you're
going to see the link to that video in
the description below. As I said at the
beginning, everything is downstream from
lead generation. If you can master lead
generation, everything else comes off
the back of that. You'll be able to get
more sales. You'll be able to hire the
right people. You'll be able to scale
your business if you can get this lead
generation sorted once and for all. I
hope you've enjoyed this video and I
hope your business is successful.